add platform install pattern across all docs (#14057)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/surveys/installation/index.mdx

---
title: Surveys installation
sidebar: Docs
showTitle: true
availability:
    free: none
    selfServe: full
    enterprise: full
---

import SurveysInstallationPlatforms from './_snippets/installation-platforms'

Surveys let you collect qualitative feedback from your users through targeted, customizable popups. You can trigger them based on events, user properties, feature flags, and more.

## Platforms

<SurveysInstallationPlatforms />

> > **Note:** Web has the most complete feature support, whilemobile platforms have some limitations. See each platform's page for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Web has the most complete feature support, while mobile platforms have some limitations. See each platform's page for details.
```

Reviewer: This page is really thin 🤔 Maybe an image we can steal from somewhere, maybe links to tutorials and use cases.

Thin is okay, but it's so thin it looks unintentional
